{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 AndaleMono;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red39\green39\blue38;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c0;\cssrgb\c20066\c20066\c19991;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh9840\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Rania Maaraba \'97 Critical Thinking\
\
I think you already know where this one was going when you said choose any organization haha\
\
Uniting Japan and the 47 prefectures is JEITA (Japan Electronic Information Technology Industries Association). JEITA\'92s primary goal is to use agreements within the field of technology to push humanity to Society 5.0 [1]. JEITA is affiliated with several large organizations across Japan and also Asia, upholding agreements in pursuit of creating Society 5.0. Notably, they have agreements with AAMT(Asia-Pacific Association for Machine Translation), ITSC (Information Technology Security Center (of Japan)), and JESA (Japan Electronics Show Association). JEITA uses these connections to \'93connect diverse stakeholders with a particular focus on electrons and information technologies..\'94 to help propel to Society 5.0. JEITA uses its agreements to help create these recommendations and to abide by their agreements within computing and telecommunications. They suggest to their agreement holders to reform with the institution and business environment to enhance R&D.\
\
\
\
Footnotes :\
(1) Society 5.0: The concepts following the Edo and Meji period of rapid development in Japan. Society 1.0 (hunting based) dating back to the Asuka (550-710 and so on), Society 2.0 (agriculture society) in the Meiji (1868-1912), Society 3.0 (Industrial Revolution) in Showa and Meiji restoration (1926-1989), and finally Society 4.0 (information society) from Taisho to current Heisei (1912-present). The belief of Society 5.0 is a science and technology based society that would propel Japan into the future. The Japanese Cabinet depicts Society 5.0 as \'93\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 a society that is sustainable and resilient against threats and unpredictable and uncertain situations, that ensures the safety and security of the people, and that individual to realize diverse well-being."\
\
Works Cited:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li755\fi-756\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf0 \cb1 \strokec5 Japan Electric and Information Technology Industries Association
\f2\i0 . Japan Electronics and Information Technology Industries Association. (n.d.). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.jeita.or.jp/english/"}}{\fldrslt https://www.jeita.or.jp/english/ }}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li755\fi-756\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Meisler, M., & LaPorte, F. (n.d.). 
\f1\i Enter Through the Form of Japan
\f2\i0 . Enter through history timeline. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://teachersnetwork.org/teachnet-lab/meisler/thebleedingedge/features/japan_enter/mmpages/japan_timeline.html"}}{\fldrslt https://teachersnetwork.org/teachnet-lab/meisler/thebleedingedge/features/japan_enter/mmpages/japan_timeline.html}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li755\fi-756\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf0 Society 5.0
\f2\i0 . Cabinet Office Home Page. (n.d.). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www8.cao.go.jp/cstp/english/society5_0/index.html"}}{\fldrslt https://www8.cao.go.jp/cstp/english/society5_0/index.html}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}